How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The best way to write programs that are maintainable, reusable, and adaptable is to use the most up-to-date coding practices with an emphasis on object-oriented programming. This consolidates most of your program into functions and keeps the main portion neat and tidy, making it easy for a programmer who hasn’t worked on your project to understand what is happening.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I approach my problems from an outside perspective, where I try to gather as much information and understand not exactly how each portion of code works, but just what it does. This allows me to understand its purpose and how it’s used, and then once I understand the problem, I dive into the lower-level details of the functions to fix it. Even in my current job, this has always been my approach to solving difficult problems.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer science makes life easier by either automating or simplifying modern-day problems, allowing people to spend less time working and more time living. This also helps in the same way by enabling scientists and researchers to push their fields even further than before, making previous studies easier and allowing for a jumpstart into newer modern studies.
